in order to get access to classified information %HESITATION you someone
has to say this person should have access to that information and
that process is called getting a security clearance and the security
clearances very just like in their levels just like the classic five
material does that is it's very easy to get a confidential %HESITATION
clearance that can be done by local story a secret clearance can
be done by you just doing a national agency check that is check with
the FBI and very other crime and sit agencies to see if %HESITATION
this person has got a criminal record then beyond that you get to
top secret level where people are actually going out into the field
talking to people who know you asking then if you're trustworthy looking
if you have any problems in your background that the records
would have shown up and then the very top level of course the is the
code word of programs and those are very hard to get a clearance because
they involve things including a very very owners of polygraph
examination that regularly to make sure that the classified material
is secure